# Is ChatGPT a threat to education?
In this document, I will discuss two articles on the impact of chatGPT on education

## Article 1
In The Atlantic’s [The College Essay Is Dead](https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2022/12/chatgpt-ai-writing-college-student-essays/672371/), the author Stephen marche expressed the view that the invention of ChatGPT would undermine academic research. First, chatGPT is an artificial intelligence chatbot invented by OpenAI and launched in November 2022. It answers users' questions through extensive language modeling and intensive training. Also, it further improves its answers through user feedback and usage. This new interactive chatbot has once again sparked a worldwide discussion and research on AI.

Many people around me, including myself, have also used chatGPT, which not only has the functionality of a search tool like google, but also the ability to write essays acrroding to a specific prompt. Like the author of this article, many believe that such chatbots would be a huge slam dunk for academia. They believe that chatGPT will become a tool for students to cheat and stifle their critical thinking and creativity. As technology has changed for human society, more and more people are entering the ranks of learning computers and machines. This begs the question, does the popularity and invention of chatGPT really mark the end of language based education? In this article, the author does not give a very clear answer to this question, but rather expresses his fear of this possible phenomenon and using data to support this assumption. My own view is closer to that of the second article.

## Article 2
In The Washington Post's [Why I’m not worried about my students using ChatGPT](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2023/02/06/college-students-professor-concerns-chatgpt/), the author Lawrence Shapiro expresses his answer to the fears of article 1. The author states that he is not worried about his students using ChatGPT, rather this will be used by him in the classroom. As an example, at this stage, chatGPT-generated essays still have many flaws, which teachers can perfectly use to supplement their own writing education. Because of privacy issues, teachers are not able to make their students' essays publicly available for critique in class. However, robots don't matter. Teachers can use the flawed essays written by the machines as counterexamples to teach students the correct way to write and how to improve. Futhermore, many people are concerned about students using chatGPT to cheat and want teachers to give less weight to the essay or even eliminate writing essays. Also, some people suggest to ban ChatGPT.

This, in my opinion, is not desirable. We can't dismiss and ban something just because of its possible negative effects. Such behavior seems to me to be a cop-out. What one should really do is to make good use of this existing tool and use chatGPT as wisely as possible for the purpose of aiding teaching and learning. In general, I am optimistic about ChatGPT. I think ChatGPT can be a great teaching tool when used wisely. One should not ban the use of this tool because of its functionality.
